in the next few videos I'd like to talk
about machine learning system design
these videos will touch on the main
issues that you may face when designing
a complex machine learning system and
I'd like to try to give advice on how to
strategize putting together a complex
machine learning system in case this
next set of videos seems a little
disjointed that's because these videos
will touch on a range of the different
issues that you may come across when
designing complex learning systems and
even though the next set of videos may
seem someone less mathematical I think
that this material may turn out to be
very useful and potentially huge time
savers when you're building make machine
learning systems concretely I'd like to
begin with the issue of prioritizing how
to spend your time on what to work on
and I'll begin with an example on spam
classification let's say you want to
build a spam classifier here are a
couple examples of obvious spam and
non-spam email with the one on the Left
tried to sell things and notice how
stamens was sometimes deliberately
misspell words like medicine with one
there and mortgages and on the right as
a maybe obvious example of non spam you
know actually email from my younger
brother let's say we have a label
training set of some number of spam
emails and some non-spam emails denoted
with labels my equals one or zero how do
we build a classifier using supervised
learning to distinguish between spam and
non-spam in order to apply supervised
learning the first decision we must make
is how do we want to represent X that is
the features of the email given the
features X and the labels Y in our
training set we can then train a
classifier for example or using logistic
regression here's one way to choose a
set of features for our emails we could
come up with say a list of maybe a
hundred words that we think are
indicative of whether email is
or non-spam for example that a piece of
email contains the word deal maybe a
small likely to be spam that contains
the word buy may be more likely to be
spam
we're like discounts more likely to be
spam whereas if a piece of email
contains my name Andrew maybe it that
means the person actually knows who I am
and that I mean it's less likely to be
spam and maybe for some reason i think
the word now may be indicative of non
Stan because I get a lot of urgent
emails and so on and maybe we choose a
hundred words also given a piece of
email we can then take this piece of
email and encode it into a feature
vector as follows I'm going to take my
list of 100 words and sort them in
alphabetical order say doesn't have to
be sorted but you know here's a here's
my list of words there's a count and so
on and eventually I get down to now and
so on and given a piece of email like
that shown on the right I'm going to
check and see whether or not each of
these words appears in an email and then
I'm going to define a feature vector X
where in this piece of an email on the
right my name doesn't appear so I'm
gonna put a zero there the word bye does
appear so I went for the one there then
I'm just gonna put once or zeros I'm
gonna put the one even though that worth
by or cursed twice I'm not gonna really
come home any time to where the tourists
the word deal appears that one there the
word discount doesn't appear at least
known in this this little short email
and so on the word now does appear and
so on so I put once and zeros in this
feature vector depending on whether or
not a particular word appears and in
this example my feature vector would
have dimension 100 if I have a hundred
if I chose hundred words to use for this
representation and each of my features
XJ will basically be one
you know a particular word that we call
this where J appears in the email and
exchange would be zero otherwise so that
gives me a representation a feature
representation or a piece of email by
the way even though I described this
process as manually picking a hundred
words in practice what's most commonly
done is to look through a training set
and in the training set to pick the most
frequently occurring in words where n is
usually between 10,000 and 50,000 and
use those as your features so rather
than manually picking 100 words near you
look through the training examples and
pick the most frequently occurring words
like 10,000 to 50,000 words and those
form the features that you're going to
use to represent your email for spam
classification now if you're building a
spam classifier one question that you
may face is what's the best use of your
time in order to make your spam
classifier have high accuracy you have
low error what natural inclination is to
go and collect lots of data right and
the fact of this is tendency to think
that well the more data we have the
better the album will do and in fact in
the email spam domain there are actually
pretty serious projects called honeypot
projects which create fake email
addresses and try to get these fake
email addresses into the hands of
spammers and use that to try to collect
tons of spam email and therefore get a
lot of spam data to train learning
algorithm but we've already seen in the
previous sets of videos that getting
lots of data will often help but not all
the time but for most machine learning
problems there are a lot of other things
you could usually imagine doing to
improve performance for spam one thing
you might think of is to develop more
sophisticated features on the email
maybe based on the email routing
information this is the this would be
information contained in the email
header so when spammers send email very
often they will try to obscure the
origins of the email and maybe use fake
email headers or send an email through
very unusual sets of computer servers
through very
raus in order to get the spam to you and
some of this information will be
reflected in the email header and so one
can imagine looking at the email headers
and trying to develop more sophisticated
features to capture this sort of email
routing information to identify if
something misspell something else you
might consider doing is to look at the
email message body that is the email
text and try to develop more
sophisticated features for example
should the word discount and the word
discounts be treated as the same words
or should we have treated the worst
DeLand dealer as the same word maybe
even though one is lowercase and one is
capitalized in this example or do we
want more complex features about
punctuation because maybe spammers use
exclamation a lot more I don't know and
along the same lines maybe we also want
to develop more sophisticated algorithms
to detect and maybe to correct to
deliberate misspellings like the
mortgage medicine watches because
spammers actually do this because if you
have your watches with a four in there
then wrong with the simple technique
that we talked about just now the spam
classifier might not equate this as the
same thing as the words watches and so
it may have a harder time realizing
there's something a spam with these
deliberate misspellings and this is why
spammers do it
we're working on the machine learning
problem very often you can brainstorm
lists of different things to try like
these and by the way I've actually
worked on spam the spam problem myself
for a while and then she spent quite
some time on it and even though I kind
of understand the spam problem actually
know a bit about it I would actually
have a very hard time telling you of
these four options which is the best use
of your time so what happens frankly
what happens far too often is that a
research group or private group will
randomly fixate on one of these options
and sometimes that turns out not to be
the most fruitful way to spend your time
depending on you know which of these
options someone ends up randomly
fixating on by the way um in fact if you
even get to the stage where you
brainstorm a list of different options
to try you're probably already ahead of
the curve sadly what most people do is
instead of trying to list out the
options of things you might try what far
too many people do is wake up one
morning and for some reason just you
know have a weird gut feeling that oh
let's just have a huge honeypot project
to go and collect tons more data and for
whatever strange reason just to let wake
up one morning and randomly fixate on
one thing and just work on that for six
months but I think we can do better and
in particular what I'd like to do in the
next video is tell you about the concept
of error analysis and talk about the way
where you can try to have a more
systematic way to choose amongst the
options of the many different things you
might work on and therefore be more
likely to select what is actually a good
way to spend your time you know for the
next few weeks or the next few days or
the next few ones